c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\PythonConnector.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\PythonConnector.pdb
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\obj\Debug\PythonConnector.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\obj\Debug\PythonConnector.pdb
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\GrandTheftMultiplayer.Server.exe
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\GrandTheftMultiplayer.Shared.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\NLog.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.pdb
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\BCrypt.Net.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\NLog.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
c:\users\mk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PythonConnector\PythonConnector\obj\Debug\PythonConnector.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
